Hello Professor,

There are 3 questions on the Discrete Random Variable Quiz which I was hoping you could regrade as I believe I deserved full points. On question 3 it marked me incorrect for typing out "two" instead of "2" which is the same thing and I believe unfair. Also on question 6 and question 7, it marked it incorrect for being off by .0001. There is technically a rounding error made by me but on the Wiley homework, it allows us to make a small rounding error like this when dealing with 4 decimal places and gives us full points which misguided me. I feel that since the margin of error is so small you could regrade this?  I attached the images to the questions below. 

Thank you very much for reading Professor and I hope you can reconsider my grades on these questions. 

Hello my name is Erick, I see you are looking for group members for the project. I have experience in Java and c++ and I am committed to contributing to this project. If you want to allow me into your group please email me back. Thanks!

Hello, my CSE 310 class and recitation class got removed from my schedule randomly. The class is now full and I cannot re-enroll. Can you help me find out why this happened? Is it possible that I did not meet the prerequisites? I am transferring from CGCC where I completed 67 credits but apparently, the max credits you can transfer is 64, so could this be a problem?
Thank you for your time!

Hello I am trying to apply to ASU for spring 2022. I signed up for the mapp with CGCC. I am trying to start my application but it tells me to login through My ASU account. How do I apply or check if I am admitted already?
Thank you for your time!

Hello Professor, 
I talked to you before about rounding errors in quizzes. On question 3 of Continuous Random Variables and Probability Distributions Quiz it marked it as wrong for being off by .01. This is also the case for question 1 of Descriptive Statistics, Methods of Point Estimation, and Sampling Distributions Quiz. Is it possible that I could get credit for these questions? I attached photos below.
Thank you for your consideration!

Hello, this is Erick Soto in Group 15, I am wondering why I got a 0 for project 3. In the github, I committed code for the Walking the page table function and counting the rss and swap count. I don't see why this is not sufficient. Please get back to me as soon as possible. 
Thank You.

Dear David,  


I hope this email finds you well. This is Erick Soto from the ASU Capstone Project Marketing Tool Team. I would like to request a meeting with you this Friday or Saturday (12 PM MT) at the same time as last week to discuss the set of user stories and backlog items.  


It would be great if you could let me know which day and time work best for you.


Thank you for your time and I look forward to speaking with you soon.  


Best regards,  

Erick Soto
